hello everyone today i would like you
show how to adjust the vibrations
that's how you saw split now
I have another
plug and she is the current field of the game that is on
drive fortifications no but wheels oz wheels
shoot you see
I didn’t mean the point is that I have
like it was on the back wheel that i
wrong side and breaks and they have
me in the end I had eight more
in addition, and wiped my wheel shorter
before the camera to zero come down and still happens
also
that the pad is worth the curve that is
for example on this part she is strong
erased
in this part she is practically new here
that is, in this regard, too, need
regulate but basically everything is pretty
it's just that, but often
really regulate especially
in front because they are very fast
are erased and
the load is big actually why
drive went because I have the scheme well
here but now while this plug can
be them
back back on the disk for you can
we'll see another plug in between
I want to show you three bought new ones
Shifters here such here to be honest
old because
There is now for example on a big star on
front shift i.e. meet
once for 2 this was all there was
neither the first nor the second is the third that is she
was like so marked and clicked
you can manually say every time on
the grass here is some kind of rubber so full and
not some strange thing and I know well
everything seems to be switched clearly for now
there we look replaced all shirts before
I am here pylon Schumann and original all
This business Of course these coins I here such
Here I do not like is not convenient and not with this
somehow it's easier for me just need to somehow
faster much more convenient but so
own boy and breaks
so but here's the essence unscrew the old
I will show the pads with a hex key
only from this side from the back side
was not because of course symmetrically
here
then it's pretty simple
I think who often does a lot
drive there and so often have to
do this that's what i think people already
there is a certain skill in this plan
but for those who are not with this or just
rarely come across this here i will show
there is nothing complicated about it
then we put such songs than Lenka
it sort of allows you to rotate the pads in
different directions
that is, but as it allows to regulate
and depending on the puff it will
keep that is here it rotates here
upside down then calmly walks over here but the essence
what is the problem so that it stands exactly to
she is not a heat chamber
press down so strongly certainly stretch
chk and here these Monica flew
force does not need to hit a little bit
baby hold down then hold and
twist to the end to the end
quite tolerable she's a little cave
tighten up a little bit for sure with
it is better not to play the brakes
adjoins everywhere equally
Well, here's an example of how are you with us
it turns out but on the reverse side too
most now I'll tell you a little about
the other point is that on all backpacks
there are spring springs hips well here it is
there it is spring on here so i can
think up loosen that's you and not comfortable and
the tension of these springs is adjustable here
these cogs that is the deeper
cog wrap the stronger spring so
say we breaks aside then
there is often there is a rub pad and then
have get rid of it your
curve so here is somehow not know and 3
decks ie they come back
uneven and here with these screws then
there is regulated ie for example this
little comes back you just him
harder to open it will close
better but of course everything is desirable there
of course blurred clean up and so on
that it was all soft
brakes handle there should never
to be here
The actual adjustment system is extremely
simple comfortable
changing all quickly regulated
agree used to do it often already
but to someone, I think this video was
someone useful who is not often this
is engaged here and so basically on this
all like like subscribe write
comments ask questions to everyone
thanks for watching everyone